#To whoever that reads this! I promise to make this as instructive as possible and if I can do it, so can you!
Discord's built in Webhooks function as an easy way to get automated messages and data updates sent to a text channel in your server.

#So what is a webhook? 😅
If you're asking this question. You're a better student than I am. Simply put, a webhook is a Push API. 
It is a way for an app to provide other applications with real time information. But seriously, I won't bore you 
with more text. If you're a way better student than I am, please read up the following

https://sendgrid.com/blog/whats-webhook/

#So what is Discord? 🥲
Ok, if you're asking this...you're probably as old if not older than I. That don't matter...I've no idea what's 
UiPath before June of 2021 too. So yes... Discord is a VoIP, instant messaging and digital distribution platform 
designed for everyday people. Users communicate with voice calls, video calls, text messaging, media and files in private chats 
or as part of communities called "servers".  Usually for gamers and for technophiles, Discord isn't as popular as Whatsapp, Telegram or 
Facebook. So I won't really blame you if you didn't hear of them!


#So how do we get there? 🤔
In order to first get this started, you'll have to install Discord on your laptop. 
https://discord.com 
Download discord onto your laptop. 

*insert image 1


Once you've launched Discord, play around with the interface! I mean seriously!!! You don't expect to be spoon
fed every step of the way do you?

#So...I know you know that I saw you rolling your eyes when you read the above statement. 🙄
Ok so you need to be spoon fed every step of the way. 

Click on the big PLUS + sign you see on the Discord interface just below the Ds symbol

*insert image 2

Add a server and then click on the drop down menu

*insert image 3

Once you are there, click on the Integration tab

*insert image 4

Click the "Create Webhook" button to create a new webhook!
You'll have a few options here. You can:

Edit the avatar: By clicking the avatar next to the Name in the top left
Choose what channel the Webhook posts to: By selecting the desired text channel in the  dropdown menu.
It's important to name your Webhook! You may create multiple webhooks subsequently for other services in future.

*insert image 5

Once you are done, click on Copy Webhook URL

*insert image 6
